[Song]
[Song] My
heart takes a step, sorry for being annoying, listening to loud music, two
worlds,
I'm cool, it
must be finished, time to eat.
When the dragon bears a hundred stripes
Replace the problematic cabinet,
buy a new one.
Vietnam Base 2,
Peony 2, Completely destroyed, grew
until death, then
people started
shedding their saliva, Singkham, butter, and muscle shrinkage.
Just the little girl is beautiful, and
even when she's grown up I still have to listen to
[songs]
[songs] that are
catchy and loud like a seminar
[songs]
[songs] from
Vietnam and I like them.
Peony on a high ridge
My home in Isaan, still growing,
beyond the people's colors,
calculated,
original, rocky outcrops
shaped like Louis XV, surrounded by beautiful women.
I'm still single, so I'm leaving the
color scheme,
calculating,
just like a Louis Vuitton.   Even though he has gap
teeth, Chen is still a mixed breed, and I am still a mixed breed.
Tong, the singer,
invites you back
[applause]
[song]